1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”? 
A person’s telephone number  uint
A person’s height  decimal
A person’s age  byte
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)  char
A person’s salary  decimal
A book’s ISBN  ulong 
A book’s price  decimal
A book’s shipping weight  decimal 
A country’s population  uint
The number of stars in the universe  ulong 
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the 
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)  ushort

2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is 
boxing and unboxing?
A data type is a value type if it holds a data value within its own memory space.
a reference type stores the address (a pointer to another memory location) where the value is being stored.
Boxing is the process of converting a value type to the type object or to any interface type implemented by this value type.
Unboxing extracts the value type from the object.

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resources are those that are pure .NET code and managed by the runtime and are under its direct control.
Unmanaged resources are those that are not. File handles, pinned memory, COM objects, database connections etc.

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET? 
.NET's garbage collector manages the allocation and release of memory for our applications, which is safter, simplifies developers' work and 
allocates objects on managed heap efficiently



1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0? 
It will cause System.DivideByZeroException

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0? 
We will get infinity without any exceptions.

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its 
range? 
The code is unable to build.

4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;? 
++i means that when your code is executing it will first do i = i + 1 and then read it.
i++ means that when your code is executing it will first read it and do the i = i + 1 after it has been read.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop 
statement? 
The break statement is used to terminate the LOOP or statement in which it present.
The continue statement is used to skip over the execution part of the loop on a certain condition.
The return statement terminates the execution of the METHOD and returns the control to the calling method. 

6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required? 
Initialization; Ending Condition; Increment / Decrement
Only the ending condition is required.

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators? 
= assigns the value of the right side to the left side. == compares the values of both sides.

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ; 
Yes.

9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression? 
It represents default or other values. Switch expression is added to c# 8.0.

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach 
statement? 
The IEnumerable interface permits enumeration by using a foreach loop.